Free App

Ads : Yes

News App : No

Ratting : 3+

Age : 13+ all

Privacy Policy	: https://hxappsincorpo.blogspot.com/p/privacy-policy-live-tv-app-of-hx-apps.html

Countries/region : All Countries and Region

Catagory	: Entertainment, Entertainment

App Name	: Sony Max TV Serial chanel Tips

Short Desc.	: Tips for sony tv serials and Sony Max TV Serial channel List for users

Long Desc.	:
Tips for Sony Max Live TV Serials list 2022

Sony Max TV is a part of Multi Screen Media Private Limited, one of India’s leading television network. sony max channel India's flagship Hindi movie channel, is a subsidiary of Multi Screen Media Private Limited, one of India's biggest television networks, and is funded by Sony Pictures Television (SPT). brings the biggest and finest Hindi movies like vinaya vidheya rama full movie,sarileru neekevvaru and special events to its audience. Whether it's through its content, marketing initiatives, or the brand itself, the channel represents innovation and uniqueness. SONY MAX and SONY SIX are the official broadcasters of the PEPSI Indian Premier League, the world's largest entertainment spectacle (PEPSI IPL). MAX was the first to introduce concepts like Extraaa Innings (this capsule is an exciting amalgam of serious cricketing action with fun and excitement for the entire family) Extraaa Innings, MAX revolutionised cricket presentation in India, turning it into a family-friendly event that broke audience records. MAX is linked with television's largest and greatest Hindi films. The channel has one of the most extensive libraries of classic and new Hindi blockbusters, as well as a number of exclusive film-related programmes. MAX has also received a slew of accolades in the media industry, including numerous honours for leadership and marketing performance. MAX now has a reach of over 100 million people in India.

NOTE:
This is not Official Sony Max TV Serial Shows and Movie app. this app gives you best guide about the app.